**OCCUPANT SENSOR CONTROL. A device or system**
that detects the presence or absence of people within an area
and causes lighting, equipment, or appliances to be regulated
accordingly.

**ONCE-THROUGH COOLING. The use of water as a cool-**
ing medium where the water is passed through a heat
exchanger one time and then discharged to the drainage system. This also includes the use of water to reduce the temperature of condensate or process water before discharging it
to the drainage system.

**ORGANIC MATTER. Carbon-containing material com-**
posed of both living organisms and formerly living, decomposing plant and animal matter. Soil organic matter content is
either naturally occurring or is a result of supplementation
with compost or other partially decomposed plant and animal
material.

**OUTDOOR ORNAMENTAL FOUNTAIN. An outdoor**
fixture whose dominant use is aesthetic consisting of a catch
basin, reservoir or chamber from which one or more jets or
streams of water is emitted.

**OVEN, CONVECTION. A chamber designed for heating,**
roasting, or baking food by conduction, convection, radiation,
and/or electromagnetic energy.

**PERMIT. An official document or certificate issued by the**
jurisdiction which authorizes performance of a specified
activity.

**PERVIOUS CONCRETE. Hydraulic cement concrete with**
distributed, interconnected macroscopic voids that allows
water to pass through the material with little resistance.

**POST-CONSUMER RECYCLED CONTENT. The pro-**
portion of recycled material in a product generated by households or by commercial, industrial, and institutional facilities
in their role as end users of the product that can no longer be
used for its intended purpose. This includes returns of material from the distribution chain.

**POTABLE WATER. Water free from impurities present in**
amounts sufficient to cause disease or harmful physiological
effects and conforming to the bacteriological and chemical
quality requirements of the Public Health Service Drinking
Water Standards or the regulations of the public health
authority having jurisdiction.

**POWER CONVERSION SYSTEM. The equipment used**
to convert incoming electrical power, to the force causing
vertical motion of the elevator. In a traction system, this
would include the electrical drive, motor, and transmission.

**PRECONSUMER (POST-INDUSTRIAL) RECYCLED**
**CONTENT. The proportion of recycled material in a product**
diverted from the waste stream during the manufacturing process. Preconsumer recycled content does not include reutilization of material such as rework, regrind, or scrap generated
in a process and capable of being reclaimed within the same
process that generated it.

**PRIMARY ENERGY USE. The total fuel-cycle energy**
embedded within building materials and all forms of energy
required for building operation. Units of energy are reported
in total Btu’s for building materials and total Btu’s per unit of


energy (e.g., kWh, therms and gallons) consumed in the operation of building mechanical systems (HVAC and lighting).
Total fuel-cycle energy includes energy required from the
point of initial extraction, through processing and delivery to
the final point of consumption into building materials or
building operation.

**PROCESS LOADS. Building energy loads that are not**
related to building space conditioning, lighting, service water
heating or ventilation for human comfort.

**PROJECT (For Section 302). Construction that is all or a**
part of one development scheme, built at one time or in
phases.

**PROJECTION FACTOR. A ratio that describes the geome-**
try of a horizontal projection, as determined in accordance
with Equation 4-2 of Section C402.3.3 of the Energy Conser_vation Code—Commercial Provisions._

**PROPOSED DESIGN. A description of the proposed build-**
ing used to estimate annual energy use for determining compliance based on total building performance including
improvements in design such as the use of passive solar
energy design concepts and technologies, improved building
_thermal envelope strategies, increased equipment and sys-_
tems efficiency, increased use of daylighting, improved control strategies and improved lighting sources that will result
in a decrease in annual energy.

**R-VALUE (THERMAL RESISTANCE). The inverse of**
the time rate of heat flow through a body from one of its
bounding surfaces to the other surface for a unit temperature
difference between the two surfaces, under steady state conditions, per unit area (h  ft[2]  F/Btu) [(m[2]  K)/W].

**RAINWATER. Water from natural precipitation.**

**RAINWATER COLLECTION AND CONVEYANCE**
**SYSTEM. Rainwater collection system components extend-**
ing between the collection surface and the storage tank that
convey collected rainwater, usually through a gravity system.

**REBOUND AVOIDANCE, EXTENDED AUTO-DR**
**CONTROL. The rebound avoidance, extended Auto-DR**
control strategy is essentially an extension of the rebound
avoidance, slow recovery strategy. Although a slow recovery
strategy is critical to maximize the benefit of an Auto-DR
strategy, the building energy management and control system
(EMCS) programming for just such a strategy can be very
complex or might not be possible for many conventional
EMCS’s. A rebound avoidance, extended Auto-DR control
strategy also includes logic and controls for avoiding a
rebound peak when the control signal is stopped.

**REBOUND AVOIDANCE,** **SEQUENTIAL EQUIP-**
**MENT RECOVERY. Sequential equipment recovery that**
disperses short duration equipment start up spikes gradually,
thereby avoiding a larger whole building demand spike.

**REBOUND AVOIDANCE, SLOW RECOVERY. Slow**
recovery strategies slowly recover the target parameter that
was controlled in the demand response strategy. Where this
strategy is applied, the zone setpoints are gradually restored to
the normal setpoints. Where air moving systems are targeted, a
limit strategy is applied to the adjustable speed drives; fan
adjustable speed drive limits are gradually shifted up.


-----



